# Data-Analysis-on-Lebron-s-movie-success
<h2>Full report can be found in the word document.</h2>

<p>LeBron’s recent moves to Los Angeles has not only caused a stir in the NBA, but also Hollywood. Movie directors are lining up for the chance to book LeBron in a movie. After LeBron’s historical movie success in train wreck the numbers show LeBron equals box office success. On the other hand, LeBron and his movie agency are looking to create and hire a director to make their own movie. Since this will be LeBron’s first full movie published by his agency he wants the best possibility at success for the movie. LeBron and his team believe that there is no relationship between a movies IMDB score and other variables. the more superstars he hires for his move, the more likely it will be rated higher. </p>
<p>To test this hypothesis, we will be using the IMDB dataset to perform a multiple linear regression test. To predict the IMDB score of a movie based on their number of Facebook likes for a movie, number of faces on a movie poster, duration, and budget of a movie. Our target population for this study will be every movie from the year 2013 to 2016. Our sample is every movie listed in the IMDB data set within those years. using an OLS model we predict having a lot of big name faces, large budget, a lot of Facebook likes and long duration associated with the movie will predict better ratings and success for the movie. We suspect that as the number of faces increases the IMDB score will go up. We think the more actors in a movie will draw more fans to the movie. Since the people watching the movie may be big fans of the actor it may correlate to a higher rating.</p>

